Explanation on YAML key-value pairs. (#264)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/infrastructure.md

The lesson title can be adjusted by modifying the `config.yaml` file in the repository.
The `config.yaml` file contains several global parameters for a lesson -
to determine some of the page styling, contact details for the lesson, etc. 

> `config.yaml` is written in _[YAML]_, a structured file format of key-value pairs in the form `key: value`.

Author: Agree, I was thinking of including an example myself

As well as the title of the lesson,
you can and should adjust some of the other values in `config.yaml`,
but you should not need to add new values or learn a lot about YAML

> to be able to configure your lesson. You should also only have to add or modify single-line 
> string values and not deal with multi-line strings or other data types (e.g. numbers, booleans, lists, dictionaries) 

Reviewer: The `config.yaml` does require lists in some places, e.g. to define the order of episodes.

```suggestion
to be able to configure your lesson. You should also only have to add or modify single-line 
string values and list entries, and not deal with multi-line strings or other data types (e.g. numbers, booleans, dictionaries) 
```

Author: Duuh, we have lists of course. Brain fog.

> that YAML supports. YAML generally does not require quotes around string values unless 

Author: ```suggestion
that YAML supports. YAML generally does not require quotes (both single (') or double (") are allowed) around string values unless 
```

> they contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/) though it may be good practice 

Author: ```suggestion
strings contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/) though it may be good practice 
```

> strings contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/) though it may be good practice 

Author: ```suggestion
strings contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/), though it may be good practice 
```

> they contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/). It may also be good practice 
> from the readibility point of view to use quotes if your string contains several words.

Author: ```suggestion
they contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/) though it may be good practice 
from readability point of view to use quotes if your string contains several words.
```

> that YAML supports. YAML generally does not require quotes (both single (') or double (") are allowed) around string values unless 
> strings contain [reserved characters](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/), though it may be good practice 
> from readability point of view to use quotes if your string contains several words.

Reviewer: The template `config.yaml` quotes all string values, I think as a "safety first" approach to avoid unexpected issues with the reserved characters mentioned in your explanation. I think we should encourage that, rather than emphasise that quoting is optional, e.g.

```suggestion
that YAML supports. 
The template `config.yaml` aims to guide users through examples and annotations
on how to format the values they provide
e.g. if you are modifying a value wrapped in quotation marks in the template file,
it is safest to replace it with another value within quotation marks.
([Details about when values need to be quoted in YAML](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/).)
```

Author: I had a look at our https://github.com/carpentries/lesson-development-training/blob/main/config.yaml when I was doing the PR and it had a mix of quoted and non-quoted strings - perhaps the most up to date one uses all quoted string @tobyhodges. I agree that we should encourage that practice through examples in the template rather than explain things.

The lesson title can be adjusted by modifying the `config.yaml` file in the repository.
The `config.yaml` file contains several global parameters for a lesson -
to determine some of the page styling, contact details for the lesson, etc. 
`config.yaml` is written in _[YAML]_, a structured file format of key-value pairs in the form `key: value`.

> (E.g. a YAML file of personal data might include lines such as `name: 'Mei'`, `height_m: 1.84`, and `birthdate: 1899-01-12`.)

Author: ```suggestion
For example, a YAML file of personal data might include lines such as `name: 'Mei'`, `height_m: 1.84`, and `birthdate: 1899-01-12`.
```

As well as the title of the lesson,
you can and should adjust some of the other values in `config.yaml`,
but you should not need to add new values or learn a lot about YAML
to be able to configure your lesson. You should also only have to add or modify single-line 
string values and list entries, and not deal with multi-line strings or other data types (e.g. numbers, booleans, dictionaries) 
that YAML supports. 
The template `config.yaml` aims to guide users through examples and annotations
on how to format the values they provide
e.g. if you are modifying a value wrapped in quotation marks in the template file,
it is safest to replace it with another value within quotation marks.

> ([Details about when values need to be quoted in YAML](https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-escape-characters/).)

Author: I am suggesting we get rid of the sentence on "when values need to be quoted" as it adds an unnecessary load on learners getting them to think about these cases where all they need to do it replace one value with another leaving the quotes intact.

Reviewer: Agreed. Removed in 302ecfc.
